docs(best-practises): add note about tsc (#32245)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/best-practices-js.md

### Lint your tests

> Linting the tests helps catching errors early. Use [`@typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-floating-promises/) [ESLint](https://eslint.org) rule to make sure there are no missing awaits before the asynchronous calls to the Playwright API. Also running `tsc --noEmit` in your CI ensures that functions are called with the right signature.

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend TypeScript and linting witih ESLint for your tests to catch errors early. Use [`@typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-floating-promises/) [ESLint](https://eslint.org) rule to make sure there are no missing awaits before the asynchronous calls to the Playwright API. On your CI you can run `tsc --noEmit` to ensure that functions are called with the right signature.
```

> We recommend TypeScript and linting witih ESLint for your tests to catch errors early. Use [`@typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-floating-promises/) [ESLint](https://eslint.org) rule to make sure there are no missing awaits before the asynchronous calls to the Playwright API. On your CI you can run `tsc --noEmit` to ensure that functions are called with the right signature.

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend TypeScript and linting with ESLint for your tests to catch errors early. Use [`@typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises`](https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-floating-promises/) [ESLint](https://eslint.org) rule to make sure there are no missing awaits before the asynchronous calls to the Playwright API. On your CI you can run `tsc --noEmit` to ensure that functions are called with the right signature.
```
